Update drop, respond, and sequence mediator docs (#979)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/mediators/respond-mediator.md

# Respond Mediator

> The respond mediator stops the processing of the current message and sends the message back to the client as a response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Respond mediator stops the processing of the current message and sends the message back to the client as a response.
```

## Syntax

```xml
<respond/>
```

## Example

> In this example API, if the symbol is WSO2 or CRF it sends the request to the Stock Quote service. If the symbol does not meet that criteria, it sends the message back to the client without sending it to the Stock Quote service or performing any additional processing. To achieve this, you can add the respond mediator in the default case of the [switch mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/switch-mediator).

Reviewer: Shall we explain this example a bit more for clarity? I think we can use a similar approach to the original text to explain the use case.

> In this example API, if the symbol is WSO2 or CRF it sends the request to the Stock Quote service. If the symbol does not meet that criteria, it sends the message back to the client without sending it to the Stock Quote service or performing any additional processing. To achieve this, you can add the respond mediator in the default case of the [switch mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/switch-mediator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that you have a configuration that sends the request to the Stock Quote service and change the response value when the symbol is WSO2 or CRF. If the symbol does not meet that criteria, it sends the message back to the client without sending it to the Stock Quote service or performing any additional processing. To achieve this, you can add the respond mediator in the default case of the [switch mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/switch-mediator).
```
